Changes to support EPID quote verification within CCF PDO TP (#406)
hyperledger-labs/private-data-objects: ccf_transaction_processor/README.md

make
```

> Please note that while installing CCF, a pip depenency related ERROR regarding  cryptography package may showup. However, we believe currently that this

Reviewer: some typo fixes

```suggestion
Please note that while installing CCF, a pip dependency related ERROR regarding the cryptography package may show up. However, we believe currently that this
```

Author: thank you so much, fixed
